EDU-12637: Product Price (FS UI) (#1402)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/components/molecules/product-price.mdx

---

> title: "Product Price"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "ProductPrice"
```

excerpt: ProductPrice displays the product's listing and spot price.
sidebar_custom_props:
  image: https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/product-price___90342b9516448a71008988620e629225.png
components:
  - ProductPrice.tsx
  - Price.tsx
---

> The Product Price component displays product's listing and spot price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ProductPrice` component displays both the listing price and spot price of a product.
```

It wraps two [Price](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/atoms-price) components.

## Overview

<Tabs items={['Example', 'Code']} defaultIndex="0">
  <Tab>
    <OverviewSection>
      <ProductPrice
              value={950.04} listPrice={999} formatter={useFormattedPrice}
      />
    </OverviewSection>
  </Tab>
  <Tab>

    ```tsx
    <ProductPrice value={950.04} listPrice={999} formatter={useFormattedPrice} />
    ```

    ```tsx
    // Example of formatter
    interface PriceFormatterOptions {
      decimals?: boolean;
    }

    export const usePriceFormatter = ({ decimals }: PriceFormatterOptions = {}) => {
      return useCallback(
        (price: number) =>
          Intl.NumberFormat("en-US", {
            style: "currency",
            currency: "USD",
            minimumFractionDigits: decimals ? 2 : 0,
          }).format(price),
        [decimals]
      );
    };

    export const useFormattedPrice = (price: number) => {
      const formatter = usePriceFormatter();

      return useMemo(() => formatter(price), [formatter, price]);
    };
    ````

  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Import

> Import the component from [@faststore/ui](/../components)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the `ProductPrice` component, import it from the [@faststore/ui](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/components-index) package.
```

```tsx
import { ProductPrice } from '@faststore/ui'
````

### Import Styles into your FastStore project

> To apply the styles of this component in your FastStore project, import the following into your stylesheet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply the `ProductPrice` styles, add the following line to your stylesheet:
```

```scss
@import "@faststore/ui/src/components/molecules/ProductPrice/styles.scss";
```

> Follow the instructions in the [Importing FastStore UI component styles](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/using-themes-importing-ui-components-styles) tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on importing component styles, refer to the [Importing FastStore UI component styles](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/using-themes-importing-ui-components-styles) guide.
```

---

## Usage

<OverviewSection>
  <ProductPrice value={950.04} listPrice={999} formatter={useFormattedPrice} />
</OverviewSection>

> ```tsx copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tsx
```

<ProductPrice value={950.04} listPrice={999} formatter={useFormattedPrice} />
```

> ```tsx copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tsx
```

// Example of formatter
interface PriceFormatterOptions {
  decimals?: boolean;
}

export const usePriceFormatter = ({ decimals }: PriceFormatterOptions = {}) => {
  return useCallback(
    (price: number) =>
      Intl.NumberFormat("en-US", {
        style: "currency",
        currency: "USD",
        minimumFractionDigits: decimals ? 2 : 0,
      }).format(price),
    [decimals]
  );
};

export const useFormattedPrice = (price: number) => {
  const formatter = usePriceFormatter();

  return useMemo(() => formatter(price), [formatter, price]);
};
```

---

## Props

<ComponentPropsSection component="ProductPrice" />

---

> ## Design Tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Design tokens
```

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow token="--fs-product-price-gap" value="var(--fs-spacing-1)" />
</TokenTable>

---

> ## Use Cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use cases
```

The `ProductPrice` component wraps two instances of the `Price` component, representing the prices with the spot and listing variants.

> - In cases where both prices are identical, only the spot price will be presented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the spot price and listing price are the same, only the spot price is shown.
```

> - If the listing price is set to 0, only the spot price will be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the listing price is set to `0`, only the spot price is shown.
```

---

## Customization

> For further customization, you can use the following data attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ProductPrice` component can be customized using the following data attribute:
```
